Mom
How is that possible?
That's not possible.
This must be fake news
That trash can do nothing if he has this ability
Auntie Qianjia
What's up?
I got the news.
Yesterday at the Tang family engagement banquet
Ye Longyuan suddenly broke into Xiao Linqing
15 Xiao family worshippers were dispatched
But they're all dead.
What is this fake news?
15 members of the Xiao family went together
Each had the strength of a martial arts master
How could this people possibly have the next time
The strength of 15 martial arts masters?
I don't know.
But I don't feel like this news is fake.
Ye Longyuan, what is your identity?
Dust from the sky
The Lord God of Kunlun Bieyuan bestowed a feast to the gods
Master Yu
This is the legendary Tianmen artifact, the Kowloon Sword
Exactly.
This Kowloon Excalibur is the king of my building through the ages
Collect extraterrestrial cloud iron
It took more than 60 years to cast successfully
The reserve god master fuses the world with supreme means
Only God can remove it
It is rumored that the sword is within the god
God today
I really want to send this bone away to God
In a while, be sure to report to the Lord God
You must not spare this beast, Xiaolingxian
Giving up is not only about Xiaolingxian, but also
Hello, I won't let it go.
Hello, how dare you come to the edge of Gusu
Are you here to die?
If you shut up
And maybe even protect your life
Wan Guohao should consider today
It's the honor you should give me
You don't know when you're dying
Will you die today?
I don't know.
But I know you will die
Hahaha laugh
I smile and am favored by the Lord God
theism
Who dares to tell me
Against Tianlong
Against the dragon
I dare to extinguish your arrogance